AKS Engine CLI guide (#533)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_k8s/aksengine/_index.md

---
type: docs

> title: "AKS Engine Kubernetes clusters"

Author: Good point! Done...

> type: docs
> title: "AKS Engine Kubernetes clusters in Azure"
> linkTitle: "aks-engine Kubernetes clusters in Azure"
> weight: 6
> description: >-
>   [AKS Engine](https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine) is a toolset to provision self-managed Kubernetes clusters in Azure and Azure Stack. Customers that want more control over their Kubernetes clusters can opt to use AKS Engine instead of AKS, for example for functionality that requires modifications to the Kubernetes master nodes.
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type: docs
title: "AKS Engine Kubernetes clusters in Azure"
linkTitle: "AKS Engine Kubernetes clusters in Azure"
weight: 8
description: >-
  [AKS Engine](https://github.com/Azure/aks-engine) is a toolset to provision self-managed Kubernetes clusters in Azure and Azure Stack. Users that want more control over their Kubernetes clusters can use AKS Engine instead of AKS, for example, if they require modifications to the Kubernetes control plane nodes.
---
```

1. Change respective >8 scenarios weight
2. We are no longer using the term "master".
